Add custom Spotify scopes for Web API (#21)
brim-borium/spotify_sdk: README.md

await SpotifySdk.connectToSpotifyRemote(clientId: "", redirectUrl: "")
```

> If you want to use the web api aswell you have to use this method to get the authentication token. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the web api as well you have to use this method to get the authentication token. 
```

> You can specify multiple scopes by seperating them with a comma "," as shown below. For more information on scopes you can refer [Spotify Authorization Scopes Guide](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/general/guides/scopes/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify multiple scopes by seperating them with a comma "," as shown below. For more information on scopes you can refer to [Spotify Authorization Scopes Guide](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/general/guides/scopes/)
```
